Update issue templates (#14)
FrostCord/FrostCord: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-request-title.md

---
name: Feature request title
about: Brief summary of changes
title: FROS-[FEATURE]
labels: enhancement
assignees: ''

---

> ## The routes implemented are as follows:
> ### `/api/v1/example/example1`
> #### GET
> Brief summary of route 
> 
> ### `/api/v1/example/example2`
> #### POST
> Brief summary of route 
> 
> # Any additional remarks:
> Summary of additional changes
> 
> # Testing:
> Describe how this feature should be tested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Feature Description
*Please describe the feature you would like added*

# Use Case
*Please describe the ideal use-case for this feature*

# Prerequisites
*Are there any prerequisites that need to be addressed prior to this feature?*

# Any additional remarks:
Summary of additional changes
```
